today i am going to recap the story of
abduction 2011
film spoiler ahead watch out and take
care
[Music]
we see the main character of the movie
nathan harper who is 18 years old senior
high school student
he lives in pittsburgh with his parents
it's a city in america
nathan is enjoying his life but he often
had bad dreams
therefore he goes to a psychiatrist for
this purpose regularly
she asks a lot of questions and does his
counselling
he's working on a project with his
friend karen
this was their school project they come
by a website
which tells that how will all the people
who are still missing look like now
they get shocked to see that one of
those children exactly looks like
nothing he thinks he has to know the
truth
he gets to know from a medical report
that his parents are biologically
unrelated which means they aren't his
real parents
to confirm this he goes to his mother
too
he asks everything about this his mother
answers in
yes we aren't your biological parents
no further details are known when the
door is knocked
here we see two people who call
themselves from the department of
justice
nathan's mother doubts them and she
doesn't let them in
they forcefully come inside nathan's
mother starts fighting with them
nathan's father comes and asks him to
run out of here
nathan runs out of here but his father
and mother are killed
nathan's friend karen was also present
in this house
they seize her too his parents weren't
alive now but he comes back to save his
friend
nathan sets her free and tries to know
their identity
he couldn't see them because a bomb was
deployed there and before the blast
he had to get out of here therefore
he couldn't see those people who entered
his house
nathan's friend gets injured because of
the blast
he takes her to the hospital here he
tries to contact police to tell
everything that how those people entered
his house and how it happened
but his call doesn't connect to the
police department but a cia
officer frank burton traces this call
he was calling on the other side he has
hacked his call and talks by himself
he tells nathan that whatever happened
to you
isn't easy to explain on call your life
is in danger
join me i am sending offices to receive
you
but suddenly that psychiatrist from whom
nothing used to take counselling comes
she comes by hiding behind balloons and
helps him to escape by the trained
method
this psychiatrist was a cia officer too
she gives her the address of a safe
house and asks him to go there
your life will be safe there on the
other hand
cia officer frank burton tells that his
biological father was also a cia officer
when he was three
he had stolen a hard drive from a
serbian terrorist in which names of 25
corrupt cia officers are enlisted
the terrorists plan was to kidnap nathan
so that
that hard drive could be taken back from
his father in return
nathan's father gets to know about this
and he gives
nothing to another family because if he
stayed with his real father
his life would be in danger due to these
reasons
the terrorist makes a fake missing child
website
so that he could find nothing two men
who went to nathan's house were people
of the serbian terrorist
now nathan and karen were in the safe
house
there he finds that hard drive in which
data of corrupted terrorists was saved
everyone was behind this data apart from
this
they find money a gun and a cell phone
karen calls her house in worry but her
call is tracked by a cia officer
and serbian terrorist they are listening
to their whole conversation
because of which they had to run out of
there they were escaping from there but
they didn't that the right-hand man of
serbian terrorist was following them
this man kidnaps nathan's friend and
ties her mouth with tape
she barely frees herself and nathan
fights with that man
and he throws the man out of the window
cia officer
frank burton meets nothing and tells
that the data
your father stole is with you now
his name could be on that list too
cooperate with me
i won't let anything happen to you
during the talk
serbian terrorists and their people
suddenly start shooting cia officer and
nothing with sniper gun he can't let
this data get leaked because his secrets
and the names of his companions were in
it
they exceed the limits to hide their
sins
there nathan and his friend karen
run by a car meanwhile they receive
a blackmailing call in which the serbian
terrorist asks him to return his data
otherwise i'll kill the parents of your
friend
nathan agrees at last because it was a
matter of life now he calls him in the
baseball stadium to give him a date a
hard drive
nathan gets a pistol with the help of
his friend
and reaches the baseball stadium to meet
him
nathan had planned to kill him there
when the serbian terrorist reaches there
he tells how he killed nathan's mother
your mother refused to tell me the
location of your father so
i had no other option and i had to kill
her
you were only three years old back then
and were present there
by talking here and there he snatches
nathan's gun and sets an aim at
nothing but somehow nothing runs from
there
serbian terrorist was chasing him too in
this stadium
there were two cia operatives who were
watching over both of them
they start following him too here for
the first time
he receives a call from his father he
persuades him to trust him
he says that i took care of you even i
was far away from you
i am still near you just come to the
parking area
nathan does the same and immediately
comes to the parking area
here nathan's father shoots the serbian
terrorist with a sniper gun and he dies
there
in a short time cia officer and his team
come to the parking area
he asks nathan to give that hard drive
to him by saying that you did a good job
dear
at the same time senior officers of the
cia come there as well
here frank burton is arrested because
nathan's father already
told the senior officers that cia
officer frank burton is also involved in
major corruption
this hard drive has data full of proofs
here we see that nathan's father calls
him and asks for an apology
he says sorry nathan i couldn't become
the ideal father
as i was supposed to be i am top secret
agent in cia
because of which i had to keep you away
from me for your safety
i always took care of you even if i were
away
in form of your parents who adopted you
or in form of the psychiatrist to whom
you used to go
this conversation was going on the cell
phone
nathan asks him to come in front of him
he says that i want to meet you but his
father refuses to do so because he was
guilty that he wasn't able to take care
of him as a good father he says
as long as i'm here no one can harm you
or your friend
call disconnects and abduction movie
comes to an end here
if you like the explanation then please
like and subscribe
don't forget to hit the bell icon